I did one recently about a guy up in Harlem who owns a shoe store.
It's called Salmon Iron Eagle Shoes.
He actually makes the shoes here in Harlem and it's kind of a really like the American
dream because he came over from Jamaica about 10 years ago, saved all his money, worked
in a shoe store over here and then he saved his money, opened his own place.
He's up in Harlem and he's getting by and he's doing well and they love him up there.
New York won.
He made his dreams come true because there's only one New York.
I wish that I can go to Jason's and get anything I wanted.
Adam, your wish is my command.
Wow!
This is the coolest thing that ever happened to me.
I can have some party with these things.
Look at all these toys.
Wow!
Adam.
Yes, Jeannie.
Jeannie?
No, it's me.
I'm here to take you to Jason's.
Jason's toy store has over 40 years experience of making kids' dreams come true.
For toys, video games and so much more, come to Jason's because we may be a toy store
but we don't play around.
As a matter of curiosity, may I ask you how you got here?
Come on.
Ask a tough question.
How do they cram all that gram into golden grams?
How do they cram all that graham cragger taste?
Into golden grams and still have room for the honey that makes all the...
...granges.
Hmm.
Golden grams are part of this complete breakfast.
May I ask what you are doing in this neighborhood?
What about my question?
How do they cram all that gram?
We've pulled out all the stops.
Grab it up!
Rip it up!
Hot wheels!
It's the new criss-cross crash set from Hot Wheels.
Powerful superchargers blast your Hot Wheels around curves, down straightaways
and through treacherous crossroads.
Cross-crash!
Now, crank up the speed.
How many cars can you cross?
Criss-cross!
Criss-cross-crash!
You put it together, batteries not included.
Comes with three cars, not for use with some cars.
New from Hot Wheels.
Ask him!
Ask Xander!
Xander, am I going to the prom of the geek?
Please say no.
Excellent chance!
You go to the prom of the geek?
Okay, my turn.
Do I have a secret admirer?
Absolutely.
Mmm.
He knows everything.
Ask Xandar.
Raise your hand and he speaks.
Guess what he predicts and the winner gets the special fortune-read.
You will get a phone call about this.
Ask Xandar.
The Talking Wizard Game.
Definitely.
Connects.
The new snap-together color-coded construction set.
It's the Great Best Game Game.
Make them, take them to the factory.
To win, race through the jam factory without getting stopped or squished.
That's the way you do it when you play the Great Best Game.
Announcing the new Easy Bake Covenant Snack Center.
Melt toppings on top or you mix up a cake.
Make it in the oven and decorate.
Melt butterscotch.
Add stuff from home too.
Easy Bake Covenant Snack Center.
Make it even more treats for you.
There's nothing wrong with your TV.
I'm in black and white for a reason.
I'm demonstrating how you can take something old,
like a black and white movie,
and suddenly make it seem new again.
Fall through the modern miracle of colorization.
Here I am.
Of course this colorization technique isn't always totally accurate.
There.
That's better.
At least it's one way to make something old look like something new.
And that's exactly what I have to do for Mr. Batenback's history class.
Take something old, tired, and worn out, and reinvent it.
Well, you can't get more worn out than these sneakers.
But with a little help from Dad's trusty magic markers?
Good as new.
Only better.
And what about these jeans?
You've seen them once, you've seen them a thousand times,
but by just roughing them up.
Now new jeans look like old jeans,
which makes them even newer jeans.
It's a whole new concept.
I guess it's just a matter of looking at an old thing in a new light.
Sis, can I borrow five bucks?
I had asked...
I wanted to do you the favor of helping you
establish credit with the future financial giant.
Let me take a nanosecond to think about it.
No!
Maybe some things aren't worth changing.
In that case, it's best just to get rid of them.
So, off with the old and on with the new.
Chocolate chip-flavored postage stamps?
Pairs of socks that attract each other with hidden magnets.
Could be. I'll write that one down.
Here's one.
Jelly beans that don't roll off your desk because they're flat like pancakes.
How about pancakes that don't stick to the ceiling
because they're shaped like jelly beans?
Damn, why would pancakes be stuck to the ceiling in the first place?
I don't know. I just thought it'd be fun.
Well, maybe we should try to improve something
that actually has something to do with the real world.
You know, something that could actually make our lives better.
Mr. Bowdenback just wants us to take something old and make it new.
How can that improve our lives?
Well, if it's something old and really annoying,
we can make it new by getting rid of the annoying part.
Hey, I know.
Isn't it really annoying the way
you can never get a roll of toilet paper started
without ripping the first few sheets to shreds?
New and improved toilet paper?
Not great, but better.
I've got an idea.
What's the most annoying, obnoxious, irritating thing
about school assemblies?
Mrs. Pringle twickers' beautiful thoughts of the day.
That's pretty annoying.
True, but I'm talking about the school anthem.
Tom and Stuffer High
Howl at halls of Tom and Stuffer High
Honored excellence forever at Tom and Stuffer High
Yuck!
If that ancient excuse for a song doesn't need improving,
I don't know what does.
Hey, we can give it rhythm.
We can give it soul.
We can give it that hip-hop happening sound.
Maybe even a few lyrics besides Tom and Stuffer High.
Who says you can't teach an old song new tricks?
So let's improve the anthem.
Great. We can work on it now.
Okay.
But first, I've got to run to the one-hour photo place.
What for?
My dad dropped off some pictures of him and that guy
from the Highlight Halftime show.
Wow.
So I promised him I'd pick him up.
Okay.
Oh, no, the azuki beans.
What?
I promised my mom I'd pick him up for dinner.
She's really going to be steamed.
What's the big deal? It's just beans.
That's the problem. It's not just beans.
Yesterday, I forgot to program the VCR
to tape that painting show.
A dab here, a dab there.
And two days ago, she was picking me up
and I was a half an hour late.
I'd been forgetting her stuff all week.
Well, we've been kind of busy at school.
Yeah, but now mom won't be able to make her azuki bean burritos.
Azuki bean burritos?
Makes you appreciate frozen pizza.
Yeah.
And some old things you don't want to make new.
Like what?
Mom's leftovers.
I better get going.
See you later.
Hi, Carissa.
What are you doing?
I've been looking all over for you.
Oh, um, oh, it's nothing.
I've been here all the time.
Well, didn't you hear me call?
Well, I guess I just got absorbed in what I was doing.
Mom, I forgot the azuki beans.
What's up?
I know you asked me to pick them up
and I know I've been forgetting stuff all week,
but I've been really busy at school.
Oh, don't worry about it.
I can go get them now.
Well, never mind, dear.
I know how busy you are.
But...
It's no big deal.
But I...
I can make do without...
Mom, are you okay?
I'm fine.
Okay, I'm going now.
Okay.
I'll see you later.
Yell if you need anything.
Okay, dear.
Yell if you don't need anything.
Okay.
Yell if my real mom has been kidnapped by aliens
and you're a pod person.
Okay.
Ferguson, that's your fifth lemonade break in an hour.
Dad.
We deserve a break.
Refinishing furniture is hard work.
I think these fumes are starting to get to me.
I guess I'll have some too.
There you go.
Thanks.
You know, Ferguson, I really appreciate you pitching in to help.
Oh, sure.
No way I figure it.
However much we sell this worthless old furniture for is pure profit.
Ferguson, we are not selling this worthless old furniture.
I happen to love this worthless old furniture.
Dad.
Love and profit have nothing to do with one another.
I mean, we deserve something for our manual labor.
Well, how about the satisfaction of a job well done?
All right.
One old chair.
Just let me sell off one old chair.
Yeah, I'll think about it.
Hey.
Hi, Clarissa.
Would you like some lemonade?
Or perhaps I could interest you in a beautiful antique chair
expertly refinished by skilled artisans.
Notice the faux graining.
Thanks, but I think I'll stick with the lemonade.
All right.
Dad, don't let Ferguson tuck you into anything.
What?
Oh, Ferguson would never talk me in anything, would you?
Never.
Here you go.
Expertly squeezed by a skilled sucker.
Thanks.
Hey, Dad, have you noticed anything different about Mom?
No.
Why?
What about you, Ferguson?
Did she cut her hair?
You know, us guys don't notice those things.
Yeah.
So neither of you noticed anything different?
No.
No, no.
She seems fine.
Well, just wondering.
I mean, your mom's been real busy lately, but that's natural.
Clarissa, can you pass me that rag?
Sure, Dad.
Thanks.
OK, Ferguson, back to work.
But I haven't finished the lemonade.
Come on, Ferguson.
Oh, right, Ferguson.
You're the best mom in the world.
Every day is your day.
You are loved by all.
Weird.
What is this, a Mother's Day card?
Did we forget Mother's Day?
When is Mother's Day?
And who is she making this card for?
It must be for the kids at the children's museum to copy.
She couldn't be making it for herself.
Could she?
Now, where did I put that date book?
Hi, Sam.
Hi, Clarissa.
Sam, nobody told me it's Mother's Day.
Well, because it's not.
Are you sure?
Sure, I'm sure.
Pretty sure.
My mom always calls me from the road on Mother's Day.
I think she'd call me.
Well, it's not this Sunday.
It's not next Sunday, or the Sunday after that, or that.
Or that.
When is Mother's Day anyway?
Why are you so anxious for it to be Mother's Day?
If it's not Mother's Day, my mom's getting weird on me.
Look at what she was working on all afternoon.
To the best mom in the world.
Why would your mom be making a Mother's Day card?
Good question.
Maybe it's for her mom.
But it's not Mother's Day.
All right.
Well, is she the type of person who buys Christmas presents in July?
Maybe she's just planning ahead.
You know, Sam, I've got the funniest feeling she's making cards for herself.
What?
And I think I'm to blame.
How?
All that stuff I've been forgetting.
That doesn't sound so bad.
Is there anything else?
Besides forgetting stuff?
Well, let's see.
Should we get kind of quiet last night at dinner
when I mentioned taking the PSATs and then going to college?
That's it.
That's it?
E-N-S.
E-N-S?
Okay, what is E-N-S?
Empty nest syndrome.
Empty nest syndrome?
You know, when the little itsy-bitsy baby birds
grow up to learn how to flap their little wings,
we'll soon no take off in the room.
And the big old mommy bird has a big old empty nest.
No one to feed worms to.
So you think my mom's afraid that we're all going to be leaving the nest soon?
That's right.
She's feeling unwanted, unneeded.
She's wondering what to do with those worms.
But my mom's so independent.
Plus, I'm not even gone yet.
And there'll still be Ferguson.
Nobody can forget that.
I know he can't wait till I leave.
So should I go get my dad's book on E-N-S
or do you just want to work on our school anthem?
Let's just work on the anthem.
How about, uh...
Oh, Mom, what's wrong with her?
I'll just be getting those books.
Thanks, Sam.
Hi, Clarissa.
We love you. We don't want to leave.
Who's leaving?
Not me. That's for sure.
Clarissa, are you okay?
Yeah, great. Are you?
I'm fine.
Listen, I just want to let you know I won't be home for dinner.
You won't be home for dinner?
Well, you're not the only ones who lead independent lives of your own.
But I know you guys can pen for yourselves.
But we can't pen for ourselves as well as you can pen for ourselves.
You'll be fine.
What's the basket for?
Oh, it's just a little something I'm doing to make someone feel good.
You mean it makes you feel good?
Well, yes.
In a way, it does make me feel good.
Clarissa?
Yeah, Mom?
The castle on the bottom shelf of the fridge will be delicious heated up.
Thanks, Mom.
Well, it looks like Mom's overcompensating for this E-N-S thing
by flying the coop herself.
I better do something fast before she gets any more cuckoo.
More Clarissa. More Snake.
After this...
At last, my creation is finished.
And now, Huffy and I will shock the world!
Ready?
Ready, y'all.
Then, let the shock treatment begin!
They laughed at my reactive shock suppressor.
They scuffed at my phantom fender.
What do they know about shock allergic technology?
Now, Huffy and I will shock them all.
Yes! Yes!
Dr. Shock from Muffy.
Right again. Right!
There's only one way to make the coolest games even cooler.
Game Genie.
Yeah!
To start at any level.
Game Genie.
To play your win.
Game Genie!
Well, get this.
Game Genie's got the secret codes for Mortal Kombat.
And if you think Mortal Kombat is awesome now,
who do you play with?
Game Genie.
Because if you don't,
you'll never know how far you can go.
Now, Game Genies cost less.
Each sold separately for most video game systems.
Free Mortal Kombat Game Genie codes
that participating retailers supplies limited to your end.
If kids like me were running the world,
I'd finally have my own room.
And no one but my friends would be allowed to come in.
Because I'd have a special lock put on my door.
I'll have a super advanced chemistry set
that I'll use to fix the ozone layer
and to cure that thing that happens to your head
when you eat ice cream too fast.
And when I'm having a Big Mac attack,
I'll just go downstairs.
Because I'm having a Mickey D's built on the back of our house.
Then me and my friends could act totally goofy whenever you want.
Jonathan Edward Moore.
I know you'll be sent to your room.
Excellent.
No!
Okay, this can happen.
I wish that I can go to Jason's and get anything I wanted.
Adam, your wish is my command.
Wow!
This is the coolest thing that ever happened to me.
I can have some party with these things.
Look at all these toys. Wow!
Adam.
Yes, Genie.
Genie? No, it's me.
Dad.
I've decided to take you to Jason's.
Jason's Toy Store has over 40 years' experience
of making kids' dreams come true.
For toys, video games, and so much more,
come to Jason's because we may be a toy store,
but we don't play around.
How big is Nickelodeon?
Nickelodeon.
Yes.
Who's watching me?
Extraordinarily big.
Nickelodeon.
Bigger every day.
Watch.
You're watching.
Nick!
And now, back to Clarissa explains it all.
OK.
I think it's time for a Darling Family update.
Here's what's been happening.
Sam and I are still trying to come up with a school anthem
you can groove to.
Tommy's Tupper High.
Sam and I are still trying to come up with a school anthem you can groove to.
Thomas Tupperhide, Thomas Tupperhide
Ferguson and Dad's idea of fixing up old chairs
is turning into a brush with disaster.
Tearing through the arts and crafts bin for the mother's day in her mind.
Hey, give the gift that keeps on giving, the one you give yourself.
Do I mind that my mom flipped out?
Yes, diagnosis, a major bad case of ENS, empty nest syndrome.
So what's a poor daughter to do?
Count the days till I leave for good?
I've got a better idea. I've hatched a plan.
I'm about to make my mom feel so needed in her nest,
the only thing she'll need will be a break.
I don't know what it is with my hair, but um,
do you think I could give me a hand?
Oh, well, sure.
I haven't brushed your hair for you since you were a little girl.
You were always so much better at it than I was.
Maybe you could braid it.
You want me to braid your hair?
You used to braid it for me.
Well, not since you were five years old.
Well, who says those days have to end?
I miss those days. I miss those braids.
Well, I'm sure you know how to braid your hair yourself.
Oh, let me get that lemonade.
Ferguson, we haven't even started working yet.
Oh, yeah, I know, Dad, but I need to build up my energy.
I'm still worn out from yesterday.
Honestly, I did not know this project was going to take this long.
Yeah, well, maybe if we took fewer breaks, you know...
Dad, the more we energize, the more productive we'll be
once we finally get started.
Hey, Ferguson, maybe mom could help you, you know, be more productive.
Your mom's busy, Clarissa.
Yeah, and I'm playing productive when I want to be.
Oh, really? Well, that's because mom,
after all, she's the one who taught us how to flap our wings.
I mean, mom's always got a few good pointers.
Clarissa, what are you talking about?
Mom, Ferguson needs you to teach him how to be productive.
I do not.
Oh, yes, you do. Mom, we love your pep talks.
Pep talks?
Yeah, we depend on you to keep us going.
Right, Ferguson?
You mean in your eye?
No. I mean, yeah, mom, I need you to help me get something out of my eye.
Oh, what's with her?
I don't know. Let's go, Ferguson.
Clarissa, I don't see anything.
Oh, well, you must have gotten it. It feels so much better.
Great, but I don't think I did anything.
Must have been an eyelash.
You just have that magic mom touch.
Say, mom, do you think the shirt goes with this
or should I change it to that green one?
Since when do you need help picking out your clothes?
A girl always needs her mom's clothes advice.
I may not always follow it, but let's just say I'm finally mature enough
to admit how much I need it.
Clarissa, if anything, I would go to you for clothes advice.
You've already left me way behind.
No, I haven't.
What do you mean?
You are the best cook around here.
I don't know what I'd do if it wasn't for your neck for food.
Do you think maybe you could pack my lunch for me tomorrow?
I stopped packing your lunches for you years ago.
Not once for old times' sake.
Well, Clarissa, I think it's better if you do it for yourself.
That way you get the things you like.
Mom, let's get something straight.
Uh-huh.
I need a glass of milk.
Yeah, a glass of milk.
So much for plan A.
I guess you're just so busy showering yourself with attention
that she's not getting from anywhere else
that she doesn't need any attention from me.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
How this?
Tommy's Tupper High.
Tommy's, Tommy's, Tommy's, Tommy's, Tommy's Tupper High.
Definitely Hipper, but can't it stand the test of time?
Well, I think it could be the start of a whole new song cycle.
Tommy Tupper, the high school wizard.
He could even go on Broadway.
Could be a sensation.
Well, I got an idea.
Let's go downstairs and ask my mom.
Your mom?
Well...
Are you singing E&S blues?
Look, Sam, every day is now Mother's Day in the House of Darling.
I tried to make her feel needed,
but I think all I did was confuse her.
I think you should just talk to her.
I tried. She's so distracted.
Well, why not just tell her to save E&S
for when the nest is really empty?
You're right. She's got premature E&S.
She'll snap out of it.
Look, I've got to clean up my nest.
I mean my room.
Bye, Clarissa.
Bye, Sam.
I guess the nest will really be empty soon enough.
I'll be going to college.
I'll be living away from home hundreds,
maybe thousands of miles away.
Never to come home to roost again.
The rain.
I'll always remember the rain.
Standing there, afraid to go,
afraid to stay.
It seemed to wash away all thought,
all time, all my life.
And finally, I could see the world clearly.
Finally, when it would do me no good.
Clarissa, I made you this pound cake.
Hope it's all right.
I only had half a pound of sugar.
Mother, you didn't need to do that.
I know.
You don't need me to do anything for you anymore.
You can do it all for yourself.
Now that's just foolishness.
Is it?
It was only yesterday you were so tiny.
My little girl.
And now.
And now you're all grown up.
You must be strong.
Let me dry your tears.
I'll always be your little girl.
This will always be home.
And I will always have time for you.
Mother, I have to go.
I can't say goodbye.
And say au revoir.
Keep in touch, will you?
You grow up.
You start doing everything for yourself.
You leave home to make it on your own.
Hey, is that any way to treat a mom?
Why didn't I think of this before?
If my mom has a premature case of empty nest syndrome,
I must have a premature case of LNS.
Leaving that syndrome.
Is this a contagious disease or what?
I better spend some quality time with my mom
before our time together is over.
And my premature LNS gets even worse.
Hi, Carissa.
You sure are spending a lot of time up here.
Oh, it's just something I'm working on.
I know, Mom. I understand.
And, Mom, I was just wondering
if maybe we could spend some more, you know,
quality time together.
Quality time?
Yeah, you know.
Girl-to-girl, woman-to-woman, mother-to-daughter,
that kind of thing.
Oh, well, um, sure.
Oh, what should we do?
Maybe we should just talk.
Great idea.
So, what do you want to talk about?
I don't know, um...
What about mobius strips?
Mobius strips. What about them?
You know what's so cool about them?
That there's no inside or outside
that there's only one side?
Yeah.
Do you know that reminds me of my very first boyfriend?
Timmy Hackensash.
My sixth-grade sweetheart.
He really was into origami.
So I folded up this note to him.
Only by mistake, I wrote the note on the back of my homework.
Do you like it?
I don't remember.
But it's the first time I got a bad mark for neatness.
Can you believe it?
I remembered.
I had a dream last night about math.
I was a fraction on the run from an eraser.
Wow. How astray.
You have the most amazing imagination.
Actually, we were all fractions.
You, me, Dad, Ferguson.
I wonder what it means.
Well, dreams are so strange that...
I've got it.
What?
Well, in my dream, we were all different fractions.
But together, we added up to a whole.
A unit. A family.
What a nice thought.
Sometimes isn't everything just great.
Yeah. It's nice to see you feeling so...
Great?
Yeah. It's great.
Now, I really better get going.
Going? Where are you going?
Oh, I just have to drop something off.
But we just sat down together.
Clarissa, I'll be back.
But you've been so busy.
And I just wanted to spend some time with you.
Well, usually you're the one who's so busy.
I know. And I'm sorry.
And I won't forget any more of your stuff.
And it's nothing. You don't matter anymore.
What? Really? It's fine.
I'm pretty busy myself.
Now, I really better get going.
Well, where are you going? I'll go with you.
Clarissa, we can spend some time together later.
Later? Later. Soon it'll be too late.
Dear, what's gotten into you?
Don't get so worked up.
Look, if you'd really like, you can help me deliver this basket to Mrs. Flinchrod.
Mrs. Flinchrod?
Who's Mrs. Flinchrod?
You know her. She's that very sweet old lady who volunteered for the children's museum.
And she's been ill some time now.
And lately she took a turn for the worse.
So she needed some extra cheering up.
And the kids and I have been making her gifts and bringing her little surprises.
Oh.
She's been such a great mom to all of us.
And we want her to know she's appreciated.
So all the cards and flowers were for...
Mrs. Flinchrod.
In other words, all this stuff you've been preoccupied with
is kind of like a every day's mother's day for Mrs. Flinchrod sort of thing?
She's a great lady. It's a shame she's not feeling well.
You can come along.
Sure.
And all this time I thought you were suffering from ENF.
What?
You know, empty nest syndrome because someday I'm going to leave home and you're going to miss me.
I will miss you and you will leave home someday.
And who knows, go to college, travel around the world in a balloon, maybe get married.
But you're not going to do it tomorrow, are you?
Me?
Boy, I hope not.
Well, I better get going.
To Mrs. Flinchrod's edit.
Wait, I'm coming.
This ENF thing is just something we're going to have to get through together.
Janet?
Oh.
Is that the old rocker from my college store?
Yeah, doesn't it look great?
It really does.
Yeah.
First it looked old, now it looks antique.
I think this quaint old thing could fetch her pretty penny.
Nice idea, Ferguson, but you're not selling it.
Oh, mom, you didn't even know you had it.
But now I do.
This is great.
This chair took 28 lemonade breaks.
Well, it will be just perfect for my old age when the kids leave home once you're hurry.
So, how'd your school anthem go?
It was a big hit.
That's great.
You know, you two songwriters might really be going places.
Don't rush this, mom.
Right now, I'm staying right here.
On Saturday nights, I drink soda and I eat Rocky Road ice cream.
He curls up on the couch with all his potato chips and stuff.
We just sit together and we like it.
We like it.
There's more snicking next.
Hence, microchip.
Why go to the next level when you can go light years beyond?
You are Fox McLeod in Starbox,
only for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
Mmm, bugs!
Lickin' lizards, I can stick it.
Take your lizard and ham, catch what you can.
Lickin' lizards!
Lickin' lizards, the game where you try to catch the most bugs with a lizard.
Stick these stretchy tongues.
Catch the bugs, the fun, just to catch a tongue.
Gonna make you smile, listen to stretch for a mile.
Lickin' lizards!
New from Tycho.
Hi, I want to tell you about an improvement so good.
It comes along once in a blue moon.
Egg-o blueberry waffles, now with more blueberry flavor.
For a great big blueberry taste, it hits you like a bolt out of the blue.
I mean, you could hold your breath until you turn blue.
Mmm, but you won't find a blueberry waffle quite like Egg-o.
You can actually see how much more blueberry flavor there is.
Well, I could talk a blue streak about these,
but why not try them for yourself?
Egg-o blueberry waffles, the part of a complete breakfast
with a great big blueberry taste.
Let me tell you, if you let go of this Egg-o, you blew it.
Sorry!
It's the game of...
First way ahead, then you get...
Well, there it's our way back!
So shake a leg,
and you all get home first!
The Game of Sorry!
Hey, we're getting into trouble!
Yeah, it's my game into trouble!
It's trouble!
First one home wins, but watch out!
Back to start!
What are you guys doing?
Game into trouble!
It's my game into trouble!
Presenting the Fisher-Price 3-in-1 tournament table.
Breakfast is ready!
One more ball, Mom!
Where a simple game of pool
is just the beginning.
Time for lunch!
Soon, it explodes into an all-out tournament
with table tennis balls flying.
Dinner's ready!
And a glide hockey game so fast and furious.
Good night, boys!
There's no telling how long you'll play.
One more.
The Fisher-Price 3-in-1 tournament table.
Table tennis hockey pool.
Batteries not included.
Nickelodeon!
Rollin' round
Disentre thealley of school with one thought in mind.
Summer vacation.
Super special taste.
This is just a reminder.
No more pencils, no more looks,
no more hiding dirty books.
In other words,
schools out.
The next day those not injured by following notebooks are off to the beach on camping trips and other fun-filled summer activities.
Then, two days later...
I'm bored!
You won't be bored for long!
I got a great family vacation plan for all of us!
We'd rather be bored!
What are you talking about? It's gonna be fun!
Yeah, like last year when we drove 480 miles to see the world's second largest slug farm?
Nah, nah, nah, nah. Nothing like that.
This year we're gonna travel 490 miles to see the world's third largest told ranch!
Ready? Go on, honey!
Next time you get that special kind of car sickness, reach for cramming,
and find you got to see some of God's creatures up close and personal.
You know, watching animals in their natural habitat can be a very peaceful and meaningful experience.
That's right. Just hop in the car and in no time at all you can see...
Take a picture. Get close.
They ain't going anywhere. They just cattle.
They just big, lazy, grass-eaten cattle.
Go ahead. Take your time.
They ain't going anywhere.
They just cattle.
They just dumb, stupid, ignorant cattle.
Those kids haven't seen anything yet.
If we take a little 200-mile side trip,
we can see where Elvis appeared in the Mildew on a side of this guy's deep reef.
What? That's a hot ticket to something.
What's your vacation?
That was horrifying. I felt like I was really there.
And we're going to take another one this year.
Man, I'm bummed if that's what my summer's going to be like.
We're all doomed to fester in the putrid plastic hallways of our industrialized despair
if I only had a bike.
How about taking me for a spin?
No, do you still need training, Will?
Check out that suspension!
I have ABS brakes, a rider-side airbag, and...
my hair.
Well, can I go for a test ride?
Uh-uh-uh.
Don't let a better chicken if you get the extra fray.
Oh, holy folks, I could never come up with that kind of money.
You can get me for very little down.
Pay a little amount, pay to the nose later.
I have that bike, but I don't have any cash.
I gotta find a way to make some money.
Hi, I'm Tom Vu.
Look at me. I'm looking at you.
You stupid lazy American sitting on big, lazy butt.
Well, I am surrounded by beautiful extras.
You!
Who, me?
Yeah, you.
Instead of being fat and lazy, do you want to make a lot of money?
Yeah, you can give me a job?
No, I'm only a fictional Oriental man,
but there is a job for you as a newspaper delivery partner.
Well, how do you know?
I read the papers, dummy Yankee Joe.
Extra job delivery newspaper!
Yeah, I do.
Congratulations, Joey. I know I can count on you.
Oh, thank you, thank you.
I'll deliver the papers to the rain and the snow
and the dark at night.
You'll see. I will let you down.
When do I start?
Top of second act.
Oh, great.
I got a summer job.
I'm gonna have an awesome bike.
This'll be a great summer.
For papers in the morning.
Well, what time do I start?
4 a.m.
Except Sunday.
Then it's 3 a.m.
Pressure molded bioarm.
Four megabusters and G.I. Joe Monster Blaster.
APC.
Figures and vehicles sold separately.
Cave lab set, not available.
You're cool from up.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Nick.
Woo!
Oh!
I bet you could use a trip to my home park
and your kids can run through it.
What, no takers?
Look, I got some specialty attractions, too.
I'm a regular dizzy world of hoes.
What do you see?
It's a small, small hoe.
I play with my hoes at home for free.
Oh, yeah?
I got the hoes right here, pal!
Your own business in a market that doesn't appreciate
the subtle nuances of hoes.
How's your job going?
Okay, I guess.
But I had to get up really early this morning.
Well, you said you were gonna be there,
so you gotta do it no matter what.
Now you're getting to see what it's like
for those of us in the working world.
You, dad?
I guess I had a job once.
It's not that I'm not looking at it.
It's just that I'm over-qualified.
Of course, they keep coming up with new words for it,
like, slow-witted or lack basic motor skills,
but I know what they mean.
Whatever you say, dad.
Hey, Joey, wanna go to a movie?
Nah, I can't. I have to fold the papers
for the afternoon edition.
But all of a sudden, the movies are out.
Nah, I said I can't go to them.
But that doesn't mean we can't do sketches about them.
He was an ex-boxer, come Vietnam vets,
turned mountain climber, ready for the most
empty-headed action thriller of his career.
If only he could get into his car.
My keys and my car!
Codehanger, coming out of a closet near you.
It's equal to a weekend at Bernie's,
but that's not what I've been in.
With Bernie's right arm, dude, it's all that's left of him.
Why is it we need it again?
Because it helps us with the chicks, bro.
Oh, Bernie, it's just a lady's arm.
Promise, Bernie, we get a farmer at.
Bernie just blew in my eye.
From the rest of Stephen's Malibu
comes a tale of incredible terror.
Bernie's to a place where ancient scary creatures
roam the earth in white suits
and polyester pants.
Two to flabber all over you.
It has gone to the movies with Annie.
And I was your one true love.
I could take your first spin.
I used to be a tan speed.
Now I'm just one to be.
Stop.
You better get back to trucking papers
or else you can empty your pockets
on some other set of sprockets.
Another guy was in here earlier.
Checking out my monster mudflaps.
It's just that this job thing's gotta be
real pain in the banana seat.
Works no fun.
Your problem is, you mistake me
for a bicycle who cares.
You put money down on me.
Now you gotta pay me off.
Unless you'll never pop a wheelie again.
All right, all right.
Now busting your humps trying to deliver papers
when suddenly a pack of wild weeded dogs
comes out of nowhere.
You can try kicking out of or out running them.
It's time and you can peddle and beat.
That's a cat can it.
From the makers of the frog flinger
and the gopher gun.
Lydia called and said something about going to the beach.
It's that word that can send a self-conscious young girl
into fifth of hysteria.
For the first time in the summer,
you'll have to be seen in a swimsuit.
The incredible curiosity.
Afraid to show your body,
but still want to be behind some second
and slip into one of this season's brim, dear brim.
Dear friend Lydia.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
She's a knock up.
I mean, she's not bad.
Well, aren't you going to induce me to her?
Okay.
Lydia.
Is that much younger?
All right.
Hey, brother Joey.
Joey, Lydia.
Hi.
You sure have a nice tan.
Nice tan.
Thanks.
I love the beach.
Don't you ever go?
I love a guy with a tan.
Oh, heck.
I'm really tan underneath this sunblock.
Yeah.
This white sunblock.
I have to wear it all the time
because I'm about as tan as the guy can get.
Yeah.
Thanks.
Having fair skin is not fair.
Well, now you can look like
you spent the day at the beach
and not even go outside
with new talksema.
Talksema contains
actual material found at the beach.
Cigarette butts, raw sewage
and contaminated syringes
give your skin that burnt blistering
peel that girls love.
Oh.
I can actually hear it working.
I used to be a white guy
until talksema gave me a major dose
of sun poisoning.
All the babes at the burn unit
went crazy for me.
Thanks, talksema.
Talksema, you just don't glow.
You glow in the dark.
Poor party.
That would be great.
Oh, but I can't.
I have to work.
See yourself.
Aw, this having a job thing
really bites.
I'm bored.
Aw.
And I've already seen this episode
of Flemish Stanky a thousand times.
I know every part by heart.
Watch this, Flam.
I'm going to do something funny
with this snot sculpture.
Stanky, you idiot.
Don't you know what we're here for?
Sure, Flam.
To make as many gross jokes
as we can about our bodily functions
in half an hour.
Exactly.
Get with it, man.
You could have cut a big one.
To emphasize that statement.
Sorry, Flam.
I'll cut one now.
Too late, you idiot.
We're already at the part
where you're supposed to whiz
on my staff collection
and hook up a hairball.
Get mad at me, Flam.
Do that thing where your eyes bug out
and we can see your skeleton.
What is it, man?
That's it.
Stop or no job.
I'm going to the pool party.
That is increasing the base control.
When you were warned,
why don't you try Kellogg's
Rice Krispies Treats cereal?
One taste is never enough
because it's everything you love
but the taste of Kellogg's
Rice Krispies Treats
in an incredibly crispy cereal
and part of this complete breakfast.
Yeah, you might just find yourself
going to great lengths to get it
because one taste is never enough.
With Nickelodeon slap-and-stick mini posters,
you can take these wacky,
wonderful characters with you again and again.
Two and two proof supporters
from Kellogg's Rice Krispies Treats cereal.
But be careful and make it slap after you.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Knick.
Want to go deliver those newspapers?
You know that awful neighbor lady complains
if you're late.
Sure, Dad, in a minute.
Are you going to deliver the papers?
Nah, it won't hurt just this one time.
I want to go with Lydia.
I mean to Lydia's pool party.
What am I saying?
I can't go to the pool party.
All the other guys with your puberty last year
except me.
I'll stick out like a bald thumb.
You can study at South Macho.
You belt on command, you sweat profusely
and you wouldn't so much as look at a piece of quiche.
But lack of secondary sexual characteristics
such as body hair can be a real bummer.
Hello, I'm Dr. Loretta Curran.
And now you too can sprout, sprout,
sprout your way to a full healthy coat of body fur
with chia piss.
Just apply the chia seeds
to the smooth, hairless parts of your anatomy
and in days with just the water
of your own nervous perspiration,
grow a pelt that will be the envy
of your pre-pubescent pal.
Ooh, that's manly.
It's chia piss.
Because we care about the hair
that's still not there.
Oh, are you Joey?
You know, our son.
Oh, you mean the one that's not too bright
and kind of looks like the mailman?
Yeah, that's the one.
Listen, the whole neighborhood's been calling.
Nobody's gotten there.
It would Carol Brady would do in a situation like this.
Guys, the pool's right next.
Grab a natural talent for swimming.
But if you can go number one,
you can be number one.
Tiddle Power swimsuit from Pito.
Aw, wicked.
New Space Age design actually boosts your bladder
up to 200 times its normal thrust.
Just two slices of watermelon,
you can pull a skier.
Shut up.
The hood swim meats will never be the same.
Bobby the Taker's got four gallons of ice
to eat his caffeine-burning funny bladder.
He'll never have to worry about sharks again
because Tiddle Power uses your body's
own natural fear response
to get you out of trouble fast.
Power from the makers of food suits.
Get yours today
and don't be whizzing along in no time.
It's something like
we bamboozled and flangled until we were green
and fixed every Jim Jangle except for her spleen.
Well, listen, I am more disappointed in you
than I am in losing some silly little internal organ.
Besides, nobody knows what a spleen is for anyway.
Well, why were you delivering the newspapers?
That's my job or was.
Oh, that's okay, sweetie.
I'm sure that you learned your lesson.
I mean, you always do by this point in the show.
Right, Doc?
Mom, when you said it,
we're playing the scene song.
Enter the weird world of Mockingbird Heights
where the monsters live.
Coming up right after news.
Tonight on Nick at Night.
For hours a day, we take the time to do it right.
Barbara Wood.
You've got two communities
knowing that they should be one community.
Neither community is going anywhere.
Rabbis have told me we're not going anywhere.
Christian clergy have said we're here to stay.
They have to get along
and I think that they will.
I'm very hopeful.
24 hours a day,
we take the time to do it right.
New York won because there's only one New York.
I wish that I can go to Jason's
and get anything I wanted.
Adam, your wish is my command.
Wow.
This is the coolest thing that ever happened to me.
I can have some party with these things.
Look at all these toys.
Wow.
Adam.
Yes, Jeannie.
Jeannie.
No, it's me.
Dad.
I've decided to take you to Jason's.
Jason's Toy Store has over 40 years' experience
of making kids' dreams come true.
For toys, video games, and so much more,
come to Jason's
because we may be a toy store,
but we don't play around.
The new Snap Together
color-coded construction set.
Having fun fishing?
You bet.
Hey, guys.
Breakfast.
Let's go, Grandpa.
You got it.
Come on.
This isn't funny.
I want my Kellogg's corn pops.
Oh, like sweet popcorn.
And everyone's eating pops except me.
Kellogg's corn pops is part of this complete breakfast.
I got to have my pops.
Don't just stand there, sleepy.
Look out.
You can pick up these limited edition
winners-to-be-shorts from Kellogg's corn pops cereal,
yours for $6.95 and two proofs.
Oh, joy.
They've got the look.
They've got the style.
Bad timing.
They've got a problem.
My rear is killing me.
They're three courageous guys.
Those musketeers are a menace.
Out to prove it's one for all.
All for fun.
The three musketeers.
Gotta love them to work.
Rated PG.
Now playing in a theater near you.
Check newspaper for showtimes.
What are you doing, man?
I am brushing my teeth, Ren.
Boy, what a waste of time.
You'll be sorry when all your teeth fall out.
Are you talking kid stuff?
Crazy stuff.
I've never brushed before,
and I'm not about to start now.
Well, maybe you should, Ren.
If you wanna have a nice smile like mine.
Ah, big deal.
I'll show you a smile.
Stimpy.
My tooth.
Why, Stimpy?
Why?
There.
There now.
I know it hurts.
Why does it hurt?
Did I ever tell you the story about the tooth beaver, Ren?
Tell me a story.
Well, you see, Ren,
inside every mouth there are teeth.
And wherever there's teeth,
you'll find the tooth beaver.
And where you find the tooth beaver,
you'll find a nerve ending.
Now your nerve endings
are the tastiest part of your body.
And your tooth beaver knows this.
Ren.
I guess you're ready to brush your teeth with me tonight.
Ah, no you don't.
I told you before,
brushing your teeth is for human.
Kid stuff.
Crazy stuff.
This is too stinky even for me.
Oh man.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Taste.
Cripes.
What is that smell?
Oh jeez.
Oh.
Good.
Man.
I don't know, man,
but it's ruining my meal.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
We're trying to eat here.
And you stand here,
airing out your stinky old teeth.
Airing out your stinky old gum holes.
What are you trying to do?
Make us puke.
What's wrong, Ren?
It's stinky.
I've been a fool.
I should have brushed my teeth,
but now my teeth,
they are gone.
And all I have left
are stinky holes.
Hmm.
Oh, look on the bright side, Ren.
At least you still got your nerve endings.
My nerve endings?
What good are they going to do me?
Would you like me to tell you a little story?
A story.
If you put your nerve endings under your pillow tonight,
the nerve ending fairy
will come and take them away.
And she'll leave you hundred dollar bills.
Then you can buy new teeth.
Oh, Stimpy.
You are my friend.
I smell something stinky.
Time to pay up.
Hmm.
Out of bills.
Wait.
There we go.
Ball of lint.
That's good enough for him.
Good morning, Ren.
Oh, is it time for my mash?
Oh, Stimpy.
Happy birthday, Ren.
For me?
You shouldn't have.
Why?
It's beautiful.
Go ahead, try it on.
Wow.
Oh, Stimpy.
I love what you do.
Thank you.
It's on your back, kids.
Hey, kids.
Wait till you see what's new from the amazing world of log.
Start heading for the store right now
because you can't live without the all new
puppet show log.
The variable speed electro log.
GI log.
Girls, you love baby wet myself log.
And you boys will have hours of fun playing fort
with frontier log.
Everyone will marvel at the visible log
and invisible log.
You'll want to be the first on your block
to sport the new line of log wear
like the log helmet
and snug fitting log underwear
for petite and portly sizes.
Rush to buy the new log lunchbox.
Learn about nature with the anatomically
correct log.
And visit distant worlds with the log of tomorrow.
And boy will your friends' eyes bug out of their skulls
when they see your new super deluxe ultra log.
Hurry, rush to the store
because supplies can't last on products this good.
It's log, log.
It's log.
Once a log and get your log.
Log from Bramo.
Batteries not included.
Ren, Stimpy and Snick will be back
after these messages.
We don't need to tell you life's tough.
I'm just trying to survive till junior high.
That's why Nickelodeon presents D-O-U-G Doug.
What should I do?
Doug is two eyes, four limbs
and 84 pounds of wishful thinking
plagued by grown-ups, hounded by homework,
a little nervous about girls.
He's just a kid trying to make the grade.
Seventh grade.
What are you waiting for, funny?
Hop to.
Chop, chop.
Can Doug pull through?
How did I ever get into this mess?
Find out on Doug, one of the Nicktoons,
every weekday at 3.30, 2.30 central on Nick.
We're witnessing a new technology.
The first and only game powered
by the super-efficient microchip.
Why go to the next level
when you can go light years beyond?
You are Box McLeod.
In Star Box, only for the
Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
Saturday, a secret someone
slipped Stephanie a secret surprise,
snuggled in a Huffy secret treasure spike,
sending sparkles to Stephanie's eyes.
Huffy's secret treasure spike,
with lots of secret drawers and hiding places,
to hold everything you treasure.
For my own secret treasure.
Oh, dear.
Secret treasures from Huffy,
America's first choice.
This is the Barbie Fulton Funhouse Eyeville.
This is the bedroom with the beautiful bed
in the Barbie Fulton Funhouse Eyeville.
The bed turns into a sofa.
This is the living room that has a real love seat
next to the bedroom in the Barbie Fulton Funhouse Eyeville.
This is the picnic table on the patio
that has a real street lamp that really lights up.
Wow!
Outside the living room that's next to the bedroom
in the Barbie Fulton Funhouse Eyeville.
The Barbie Fulton Funhouse comes with a real working light.
You put it together, dolls,
fashions and batteries not included.
Small kangaroos, or wallabies,
are known to live on their own.
Their natural habitat is a scrub for dense thickets.
Observe this rare Rocco specimen
in his Nickelodeon environment
every Sunday in Rocco's modern life
at 11.30, 10.30 Central,
only on Nickelodeon.
Twizzlers.
Chewie.
He's so furtive.
I love it when it twizzles.
The genius behind very fine apple quenchers.
Ah, good fruit drink.
I need something.
Oh, yeah.
Uh-oh.
Yikes.
New apple quenchers from Verify.
Great tasting fruit.
First quenching apples.
Nothing quenches like apple quenchers.
You know Stimpy?
With your invention and my savvy,
we'll corner the rubber nipple market.
We'll be millionaires.
We'll rule the world.
Just grand.
I am not in this for financial gain.
I have a dream.
I believe one day that everyone,
everywhere,
will know the wonders of my nipples.
Fine.
You keep your dream,
and I'll keep the money.
Now shut up and drive.
I'm driving, I'm driving.
And hardly contain myself.
Just where do you think you are going?
I was gonna sell some rubber nipples.
You don't know how to sell anything.
You can't even wheeze by yourself.
Now stand back and watch your real salesman at work.
Okay, run.
I've had it up to here with the likes of you people!
Whoops.
I'm sorry.
I thought you were a...
circus midget.
I have a new dream, Ren.
What's your dream?
That someday,
then I will be as good a salesman
as you, Ren.
Now shut up and let me do the talking.
Do I know you?
I don't think so.
Would you like to take a look at some fine rubber nipples?
Did my wife send you?
No, sir.
But you look like someone who could really use some rubber nipples.
How do I know you're not from the FBI?
Sir, I can assure you we're only salesmen.
Alright, so I made a mistake.
One mistake!
And a man start over.
Do I have to keep on paying?
Maybe I should make another mistake.
Maybe two more.
Please, sir.
I think one mistake is planning.
Just let me show you what's inside here.
Don't do it, man.
I'm not armed.
We really just want to sell you some rubber nipples.
See?
Oh!
It is a nipple.
Ha ha ha ha!
Oh!
What you must think of me.
Forget everything I said.
So, nipples, huh?
Hmm.
No, sir.
I don't think I have any use for rubber nipples.
I'll tell you what, though.
Do you have any rubber walrus protectors?
Ren?
Is it, man?
Oh, please!
Can I talk in the next house?
Can I?
Can I, huh?
Oh, please!
Please!
Can I?
Get the hold of yourself, man.
Alright.
Shut up and get in the truck.
Joy!
Hello, sir.
Would you like to buy some shiny new rubber nipples?
I made them myself.
Hmm.
Nipples, huh?
Let me ask the wife.
Honey, are we short on rubber nipples?
Now, dear, don't you go buy new rubber nipples
when you don't use the ones you already have.
Well, maybe I would if they weren't all chewed up.
Come on in, boys.
Let's see what you got.
Ahem.
Well, sir, you know, rubber nipples
have come a long way since you were a child.
I bet you thought rubber nipples
were just a put in your mouth.
Well, yeah, actually.
Well, nowadays there's a thousand and one uses
for my handy dandy rubber nipples.
Observe.
They're perfect for storing your hair-tremings.
Now, there's something the little woman can use.
They're perfect for getting at those
hide-to-reach places.
Just amazing.
They make great finger gloves.
For when you have to touch fields,
they unroot all the things.
I have to touch filthy and repulsive things every day.
Don't I, honey?
Watch me now.
Those plugs.
And they make wonderful rain hats.
They protect your eyes from harmful UV rays.
And they make...
Oh, man.
Wait till the guys in the office get a load of this.
Do you want to sleep out in the yard?
You mean for a change?
Yeah.
Are your knees cold, sir?
Well, yes, they are a little chilly.
No more frosty knees, no siri.
They are warm.
Honey, how long have we been married?
And we don't have any of these.
All right, boys.
Here's five bucks.
I'll take the whole mess of them.
Five bucks!
Now get out.
People eat our snacks.
It's like for kids.
It's the best part of the week. I love it.
It's happening. Snack.
This little piggy went to work.
This little piggy went to a new time.
Jim Henson's Muppet Babies now on every weekday morning
at 8, 7 Central, only on Nickelodeon.
If kids like me took over the world, there wouldn't be any school.
Better yet, we'll keep school, but it won't really be like school.
Our favorite classes will be gym, recess, and marine biology,
where we'll learn how to save the whales.
As long as we're changing the world, let's change the name to
Mick World, because McDonald's will be the official food.
We'll take all-day field trips to Mickey D's,
which random crutchmer will never go on,
as he'll be in permanent detention.
He picked on me in social studies.
And, you know, that's gonna be a cool gym teacher for once.
Anybody feel a game of horse?
Hey, that could happen.
All this to watch David Robinson play.
Good thing we bought the Kellogg's Raisin Brand.
You two, with the two scoops of raisins, come with me.
David Robinson!
I saw you eat Kellogg's Raisin Brand.
You eat this, too?
Watch.
Two scoops of juicy raisins have the taste everyone's sweet on.
Kellogg's Raisin Brand, part of this complete breakfast.
What's got five buttons, two sleeves, and lots of attitude?
The first prince of Bel-Air Jersey.
Yours for $9.99 with two proofs from Kellogg's Raisin Brand.
It's gotta be the shirt.
It's so explosive, so intense, and so powerful,
its only limits are your wildest dreams.
And be one, it's nerf or nothing.
What's that supposed to be?
Tonight's the night the spirits are free
to take innocent victims away.
Oh, come on. You made that up.
That's it. I'm out of here.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Guys?
Great idea.
Cool.
Do we?
Don't you know about tonight?
It's a full moon.
On leap year.
Oh, no, not you, too.
This mask, within this circle, is our only protection.
Sounds like a pretty dumb joke to me.
You don't have to believe me, but it's an old superstition.
My story takes place on February 29th, leap year.
It happens every four years.
And when it comes with a full moon, watch out.
The spirits who prowl on a full moon leap year are hunting.
And it may be for you.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story,
The Tale of the Whispering Walls.
And Andrew Dickens were on their way home
from a trip to the amusement park with Louise,
their favorite babysitter.
Ah, the laugh in the dark ride was awesome.
When Zeebo jumped out, almost croaked.
You're so childish.
You nice little schmunkins or I won't take you to Molly's.
Banana splits.
Oh, the kitty.
Only if you're good and stop biting.
Your teeth are gonna rot.
At least you don't have any breath as you have dog.
Remember, love is greatest when words are few.
What does that mean?
It means shut up.
That's strange.
I thought the number nine highway was back there.
Isn't that sign supposed to be blue?
What do you know?
Let's just go. I'm hungry.
You're always hungry.
I don't recognize any of this.
I need to get directions.
This place is creepy. I'm gone.
Shut the door!
I love...
Sorry, we don't mean to bother you, but we're lost.
Lost?
You're precisely on time.
We're looking for highway nine to Victor Heights?
Highway nine.
You've strayed quite far.
But I know a shortcut.
Take the dirt road outside.
It travels through the woods and will cut miles off your trip.
Anything else I can do for you?
No, but thanks for your help.
It's a creek.
It's just a little eccentric, that's all.
Eccentric?
What does that mean?
It means it was a creek.
Did we run out of gas?
No, I don't know what happened.
We'll never have banana splits.
We're stuck here.
And all you can think about is eating.
Let's ask if we can use their phone.
Why don't we walk back to that tavern and use their phone?
Because we can use the one here.
Come on.
Why are you scared?
No.
Don't move.
I'll be back in a flash.
Chicken.
He should be back by now.
I'm going in.
Louise said to wait here.
You really are chicken.
I won.
Winner has to knock.
No way.
Loser does.
Listen, it's at houses.
Plan this.
I know it.
Come on out, Louise.
Hey, let me try some.
What made me do now, dork?
I think I tried to eat my ice cream.
Let's go back to that tavern.
And that's that guy for help.
I thought you said he was a creep.
Do you have a better idea?
We came from that house, in the woods.
Louise, our babysitter.
I think she's lost there.
There, there, dearie.
Have some punch.
No, thank you.
Can you help us?
Relax, darling.
That man of yours, she'll be fine once the sun sets.
And now you know that's not true.
What do you mean?
It's leap year.
And a full moon.
We wouldn't be here otherwise, would we?
You remind me so much of my dear little Jane.
So sad.
Pay no attention.
They're just pulling your leg.
About what?
I don't get it.
Lighten up there, little sister.
It's a party.
The sun's going down and we can live.
Who lives in that house?
The better question is, who's the house living in?
It's Master Amon's house.
Has been for years.
And for years to come.
Wanna buy a brush?
Don't you have any tools?
What are we gonna do?
Go home.
How?
What about Louise?
Who come and pick us up?
Do they have a phone in there?
They missed.
Come on.
Excuse me, could we use your...
What are we gonna do?
There's only one thing we can do.
We gotta go get Louise.
Afraid of the dark?
Stay in the glow of the couch.
And stay tuned.
How big is Nickelodeon?
Nickelodeon.
In the shadows.
No, you ever saw it.
We're big.
Nickelodeon.
Bigger every day.
Watch.
Obstacosaurus necks the dinosaur.
It's Stacosaurus necks.
The stack them up, whack them out, gain.
Raise his neck up, disk my disk.
The higher you go, the more you risk.
Cause Stacosaurus necks could fall at any time.
Obstacosaurus necks the dinosaur.
Light Years Beyond.
You are Fox McLeod.
In Starbox.
Only for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
Blue and orange and green and black.
With new color etch-a-sketch.
You can go color crazy.
Check it out.
Red and blue and orange and purple and green and black.
With new color etch-a-sketch.
You've got up and down colors.
Side to side colors.
So many colors.
It'll make your head spin in colors.
Orange and blue and red and purple.
Go them, share them, hang them, send them.
Paper your room with them.
New color etch-a-sketch from Ohio Art.
It's all about.
Orange and purple and green.
Color.
Now, the sneaking begins again.
With Are You Afraid of the Dark?
She already left.
But her car's still outside.
It's absolutely forever.
Ever.
Andrew.
Louise.
Louise, is that you?
Over here.
Living room.
Louise?
I'm upstairs.
Please, come help me.
Please.
How'd you get there?
He's from a tavern.
He must be Master Raymond.
Who cares?
He was a creep, remember?
Now he's a ghost creep.
We have to find Louise.
How about you find her?
I stay here.
No.
I need you.
You do?
Yeah.
You're smart.
You think of the things that I don't.
Yeah, yeah.
I do, don't I?
Come on.
You have to look upstairs.
Just a little schmunkin' head.
Come in.
It really is you.
What happened?
Don't worry.
I'm okay.
I found this little baby,
and we can go just as soon as he's asleep.
I thought for sure that you were hurt.
Or even...
No.
I'm fine.
I've never been better.
Here.
This is for you.
So sad.
Help me, Louise.
It's me.
It's really me.
I'm trapped.
You're such a small boy.
Not small.
I'm not scared of you.
No matter.
When the sun sets,
her soul
will be mine.
Who are you?
What do you want?
Her energy will keep me alive.
Keep this house alive.
And she'll be part of us forever.
You're a monster.
Choose my words carefully if I were you.
Or you might be next.
Don't touch that!
There's no use in running.
The sun is almost down.
She is mine.
Don't kill anybody.
Silly boy with silly toys.
You won't fool me again.
Dear, you too.
Little one.
Little boy.
They're mine now.
No!
Violet.
What are you doing?
I won't let you do this.
You dare.
Go against my wish.
They're so young.
This is not your concern.
Return to the walls.
She's so like my poor little Jane.
But no, no.
What happened?
Thank you.
Still open and split, boys.
Yes!
Still stands.
And to this day,
people still disappear
when the moon is full
on February 29.
Time to go.
You go first.
No after you.
Not me.
You go, Frank.
I'll go after Gary goes.
I'm not going first.
My ultimate ESPN Sports Center highlight
goes like this.
Loose ball in the end zone.
Fall on it, no chance.
My feet are light,
and I've got the moves.
At the 50, I see Myers.
Not now, Chris.
I'm a busy man.
And as I cross the goal line, I laugh.
Knowing my agent has just cut a deal
for my very own fitness video.
Yeah, that's my sport, sir.